Title: Bedrock Linux
Nav:   home.nav

Bedrock Linux
=============

Bedrock Linux is a Linux distribution created with the aim of making most of
the (often seemingly mutually-exclusive) benefits of various other Linux
distributions available simultaneously and transparently.

If one would like a rock-solid stable base (for example, from Debian or a RHEL
clone) yet still have easy access to cutting-edge packages (from, say, Arch
Linux), automate compiling packages with Gentoo's portage, and ensure that
software aimed only for the ever popular Ubuntu will run smoothly - all at the
same time, in the same distribution - Bedrock Linux will provide a means to
achieve this.  See a [feature list](1.0beta2/features.html), [watch a
(old/outdated) demonstration](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuYMBCcgs98) or
[two](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOXGE_oV4XU) and read the
[introduction](introduction.html) and [FAQ](faq.html) for more.

## {id="reddit-ama"} Bedrock Linux "AMA" on /r/AskLinuxUsers
<small>2016-05-21</small>

/u/ParadigmComplex represented Bedrock Linux during an "Ask Me Anything"
("AMA") session at
[http://reddit.com/r/AskLinuxUsers](http://reddit.com/r/AskLinuxUsers).  The session is now over, and the resulting discussion can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskLinuxUsers/comments/4ke9ss/i_am_the_founder_and_lead_developer_of_bedrock/).

## {id="forums"} Bedrock Linux forum hosted on LinuxQuestions.org
<small>2016-03-01</small>

Bedrock Linux now has a forum available on linuxquestions.org at:

[http://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/bedrock-linux-118/](http://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/bedrock-linux-118/)

## {id="nyla-plans"} Bedrock Linux 1.0beta3 Poki Plans, project roadmap
<small>2016-01-23</small>

The design plans for the upcoming release of Bedrock Linux, 1.0beta3 Poki, are
available [here](1.0beta3/plans.html).

A rough roadmap for Bedrock Linux is available [here](roadmap.html).

## {id="nyla-release"} Bedrock Linux 1.0beta2 Nyla released
<small>2016-01-16</small>

The second beta of Bedrock linux, 1.0beta2 Nyla, has been released.  See the
[major features](1.0beta2/features.html), the [high-level
changelog](1.0beta2/changelog.html), and either the [full installation
instructions](1.0beta2/install.html) or, if you'd like to expedite the install
process, the [quickstart installation instructions](1.0beta2/quickstart.html).

## {id="nyla-release-soon"} Bedrock Linux 1.0beta2 Nyla in final development stages
<small>2015-10-03</small>

All major features and changes for Bedrock Linux 1.0beta2 Nyla are complete; it
is currently undergoing final testing and bug squashing.  The release should be
soon.

## {id="nyla-delay"} Bedrock Linux 1.0beta2 Nyla delayed
<small>2015-02-22</small>

A large number of complications have arisen since Nyla's original release date
was set, including the numerous hardware failures.  Moreover, while working on
Nyla many of the required changes have been found to require much more time to
implement than previously expected.  Thus, Nyla's release is being delayed.
The new tentative release date is end-of-summer 2015.

## {id="colug-slides"} Columbus Linux User Group presentation
<small>2014-11-20</small>

Slides from a presentation on Bedrock Linux to the Columbus Linux User Group on
2014-11-19 are available [here](media/bedrocklinux-colug.pdf).

## {id="nyla-plans"} Bedrock Linux 1.0beta2 Nyla Plans
<small>2014-06-28</small>

The design plans for the upcoming release of Bedrock Linux, 1.0beta2 Nyla, are
available [here](1.0beta2/plans.html).

[See older news items](news.html)
